###########
# SETTING #
###########
You're high above the clouds with your arms out wide, gliding over Lugmere. You fly over and under floating isles,
weaving between the roots that once held these islands to the ground 1000 years ago.
You realize that you've never felt so free, so light, exploring the expanse of the district to your heart's content.
You glide alongside airships, and the nearby crew members cheer you on. Almost immedietly, as if waiting for a cue,
you feel a slight tugging. It begins to pull harder, until you realize that you're no longer in control. Below, the once
pristine clouds slowly turn to dark tufts, reminicient of exhaust from many of the surrounding airships. The clouds
begin to swirl into a vortex, with a dark void lying at its center.

As you look to your left, you can see the expressions of despair and nervousness on the faces of the crew members
aboard an airship, who are frantically flustering about, trying to drive away from the eye of the storm, but it is too late.
Their massive size only amplified the power of the winds, and they're quickly sucked into the vortex, ripped apart into
silence. Several surrounding isles are now meteors hurling towards the center, almost disintegrating completely by the
time they reach the center of the void. You thrust your arms out to your sides harder, thinking that with enough willpower,
you can fly away, but the pull of the hurricane proves too strong. As you creep closer to death, you look down at the
center and can smell the putrid scent of blood and rotten flesh. You spot teeth, with some crew members desperately clinging
trying not to fall to their doom. You slip into the darkness, only to have your ears pierced by a roar that would
cause even your professors to hide in fear.

Just then, you awake in a pool of sweat, to the sound of your alarm clock ringing. You're quick to remember your dream
and instinctually cut another notch into the side of your bedpost. One.. two.. four.. ten.... This marks the thirteenth
day in a row you've had this nightmare, and you sink into a depression with a sullen look on your face. You can hear
the ambiance of children playing with trash, generators churning, massive buildings and airships swirling, all around the
floating isles you call home. All this will be gone. The prophesy from your university's researchers proved true.
Thirteen consecutive days of a dream almost always accurately predicted the future, supported only by a handful of
rare similarities with other destructive events in the past. You gaze out your window and being to summarize what
makes your home so bleak.

Welcome to the Metropolis of Lugmere, a flying mechanical collection of floating isles, housing a population plagued by
rampant pollution and tense historical turmoil. Airships of all sizes and craft drift by the balconies of the local
populance as they fill the air with exhaust and advertisments. Every soul down to the rats know that falling into the
murky clouds below means certain death, but the tight alleyways and canals allow for lucky individuals to grasp onto
nearby buildings or other airships if they fell. However, it is not the distance that will end those poor unlucky souls,
but rather a horror so terrible that everyone lives in denial of its existence, and the local cults that worship the
being are banished to the underbelly of the metropolis. Dubbed "The Maw" by the cult, the origins of the beast remain
unknown but the history is forever buried within Lugmere. The Maw was sealed away 200 years ago with the help of a giant
mechanical claw that grips so tight onto the beast that at night, ear piercing wails of pain can be heard if you live
close enough to the undercity district. Wires stab into the creature so that with each cry, they light up to deliver
power to the entire city. This is the heart of Lugmere, a literal beating of energy that paved the way for 200 years
of unprecedented developments in science and research.

The world is ran on The Maw and a mysterious resource called "Flux". These delicate nugget sized ores are found towards
the base of all the isles, and glow with a tinge of light similar to electricity. Removing them will cause the isle
to slowly fall, making Flux a limited resource. It is also illegal to mine Flux from islands not dedicated to mining.
Lugmere slowly lost its reliance on Flux in favor of The Maw, however recent power surges and unidentifiable noises from
The Maw forced the royal technicians to revisit the horror...

... The technicians reported that the beast is roaring and struggling, slowly weakening the grip of the
floating prison. They estimate that even with continuous reinforcement and additional Flux that they can hold out for
another twenty days before The Maw escapes Lugmere's hold. A call has been made to all citizens of the metropolis to
prepare for one of two outcomes; for them to help find a solution, or band together to take down the beast.